{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkboard;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green14\blue47;\red32\green0\blue99;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27780\viewh15960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Hero of Irdya I\

\fs32 \cf3 Episode I: Birth of an Alliance\cf2 \
\

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Jahin and his friends (Meherab, Krog and Mahir) escape from the city of Verdanyn and flee north. While journeying north, they meet Igor and help him against orcs, rescuing an orc Kojac during the skirmish (1).  After four days, they arrive at a forest and with the help of two female mages (Faria and Maliha), they rid the forest of vampires and orcs. Faria and Maliha help Jahin and his friends reach the Academy, rescuing a Saurian Crylix during their journey (2). The Academy's Arch-masters refuse to aid Jahin and then Jahin is persuaded by Krog that the Trolls would ally with him. Guided by Kojac, they find an entrance to the underground realm and proceed inwards (3). They encounter trolls, orcs and undead in the caverns: they help the trolls and are taken to their chief (4). The troll chief receives them warmly and agrees to help them if they help him first. Jahin and his friends assist the trolls in entering undead territory, encountering a huge army of undead (5) and manage to defeat their emperor (6).\
\
Jahin and his friends return to the troll abode, but they are unable to rest as Chief Tuug receives word of an imminent orcish attack. They confront the orcs and defeat them with the help of the drakes (7). The trolls hold a meeting at the orcish stronghold and the drakes join in: trolls and drakes decide to garrison the stronghold; Jahin, Faria, Meherab and Mahir accompany the drake lord to Cytos to meet the drake leader Kor Vas. At the drake capital, Kor Vas is revealed to be an ancient fire dragon. He sees the benefits of such an alliance and decides to send the humans on two tests to prove their worth. For their first test, they must prevent the arrival of Naga and Saurian reinforcements for the attack on Cytos (8). Their second test involves conquering a forest occupied by Woodlanders, who persistently harass drake borders with hit-and-run skirmishes. Jahin and his army arrive but, they find that the forest has been attacked by orcs, naga, undead and elementals. They decide to aid the woodlanders (9). The woodlanders are grateful to Jahin for his aid and give their word of never attacking the drakes again (Alternate: Jahin aids the Woodlanders, but fails to protect their king. As a consequence, there will be no gold reward from the Woodlanders). After accomplishing these two tests, Kor Vas accepts Jahin as Drake-Friend. However, Kor Vas is unable to help in reclaiming Verdanyn since his armies are occupied at his borders. Mahir decides to return to the orcish stronghold, while Jahin and the rest accompany General Karri Kon on the Drakes Eastern Expansion Campaign so that Jahin could improve his leadership skills. Jahin, Meherab and Faria are placed in charge of the army's vanguard and are tasked to clear the path for the main army. They march through the desert and arrive at the edge of a forest. They begin exploring and end up encountering Minotaurs and undead. They aid the Minotaurs against the undead, however Faria suddenly betrays Jahin, stating that she is the Dark Elementalist's apprentice and begins attacking Jahin's army (10). The enemies are eventually defeated when General Karri Kon and his army join the fight. Faria escapes into the cave. Jahin and Karri Kon are granted an audience with prince Radoc. Radoc the Valiant requests Jahin to help him defeat the undead in order to please his father and in exchange, Radoc promises to aid Jahin in his battles. Jahin accepts and the combined force of Drakes and Minotaurs attack the undead lair (11). Jahin discovers a shortcut to the undead keep and defeats the Lich Lord and Faria (12). However, Faria escapes via a teleportation spell. Radoc then takes them to Bovinhelm, the Minotaur capital, to meet his father, but they find that the city is under attack by a vampire naval force. Jahin and the rest help King Rharcyn protect his city (13). Jahin and the rest then return to Cytos, while Karri Kon and his drakes stay behind to negotiate an alliance between Drakes and Minotaurs.\
\
Kor Vas is impressed with Jahin's ability to get the Minotaurs to join him and bestows Jahin with an amulet of magic resistance. Kor Vas then informs Jahin of the existence of dwarves and elves in the far south of Arkenova. Jahin decides to approach the dwarves for an alliance. Jahin and his army return to Minotaur lands and ask Radoc for any information regarding the dwarves. Radoc tells that there is a way to reach the dwarves without fighting the vampires. He then continues to speak of an underground route that leads straight to the dwarven kingdom, but tries to talk Jahin out of it since the route involves traversing through the Realm of Fire, a cavern of lava and heat. Jahin remains persistent and Radoc decides to give a Minotaur regiment under Jahin's command. Jahin and his army make their way towards the entrance to the cavern and then fight their way through the Fire Elementals (14). While, traversing through the cavern, Jahin manages to find the White Sapphire, one of the Four Gemstones of Power. Maliha senses that the gemstone contains a powerful form of power and Jahin decides to keep it. They arrive in front two huge metallic doors and begin knocking boisterously. The doors swing inwards, revealing a dwarven regiment. They introduce themselves and persuade the commanding officer to allow them to meet the dwarven king. Jahin and the rest are brought before King Glamatus II and the dwarven king gives Jahin a quest: If Jahin defeats the Gryphon Thunderlord and quells the rebellion, then the dwarves would ally with him. Jahin completes the quest (15) by persuading the Gryphon Thunderlord to join his cause. Jahin asks the dwarven king to send an envoy to the elves, but the dwarves refuse, stating that they will NEVER ally with monster-worshipping elves. Jahin remains confused at this reply, but agrees with them when he helps the dwarves repel an assault by an elvish army reinforced with demons (16). Jahin realises that he has acquired enough allies and returns to Kor Vas.\
\
The dragon states that now that 4 of the continent's nations have been united, the war should slowly turn to their favour. Jahin suggests to recapture his city, but the dragon notifies him of a recent development in his absence: the humans of Verdanyn had liberated themselves and formed an exodus towards the northern mountains, where they had met the trolls and were currently residing at the conquered orcish stronghold. Jahin arrives there and finds out that the majority of the humans had accepted him as their new leader as Jahin's late grandfather had passed the leadership to him. The other faction, led by Mahir, had fled the stronghold. Jahin grieves his grandfather's death and then prepares to take his army to battle. Kor Vas, Tuug, Rharcyn and Glamatus gather and make battle stratagems, forming the Alliance of Light.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf3 Episode II: The Arkenovan War\
\

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Jahin, now an adept commander, decides to take his new army to help the drakes and trolls against the orcs. While guarding a cave entrance, Jahin encounters a massive host of undead (Walking Corpses only) and Mahir's band (17). A battle ensues and Mahir's band withdraw from the battlefield. Jahin defeats the necromancer (who turns out to be a follower of Mor-Inal). Jahin then takes his army to pursue Mahir. Jahin arrives at the ruins of the orcish capital, the obvious source of the zombies, and fights his way through the undead hordes (18). Examining the ruins of the capital city's keep, Jahin uncovers documents about where the orcs would make their last stand: Cavhan, their western citadel. Jahin sends this information to Karri Kon and withdraws from the location. Jahin decides to pay the Academy another visit. Jahin's army arrives to witness a grime battle taking place between magical constructs and undead, with magic casters from both sides exhausting their mana in awe-inspiring spells (19). Jahin's army joins in the fight, but the undead appear to have the upper hand. Jahin also rescues a fire mage named Khyrul and a battle mage named Azrin. Vaddyn, the Grand Arch-master of the Academy appears and turns the tide of battle, but the tables turn again to favour the undead when their leader, the nefarious Dark Elementalist Mor-Inal appears. Vaddyn instructs Jahin to flee as the undead are substantially stronger. Khyrul and most of the novice mages join Jahin as they withdraw from the battle, while Vaddyn and the rest of the Arch-masters distract the undead-elemental army.\
\
Jahin and the rest then return to Cytos and are instructed by Kor Vas to join Karri Kon and Chief Tuug in a joint assault on the orcish city of Cavhan, now the last standing orcish citadel. Khyrul, Azrin and the mages join Jahin in battle. They arrive at the allied camp and enter a grim battle against the undead and orcs (20). Jahin, at first, decides that he can get the orcs as allies and consequently helps them defeat the undead. However, the orcs turn hostile and the allies are compelled to kill the orcish chieftain, shattering the unity of the faction. Mahir's band are also encountered, allied to the undead. Mahir is spared and Jahin extends the hand of forgiveness. Mahir refuses and flees with the rest of his faction (this is the beginning of a medium-length campaign of Mahir eventually becoming the Dark Elementalist's prot\'e9g\'e9).\
\
Having won the battle, the trolls return to their city to counter an attack by the demons/elves at the southern cave entrances and the drakes return to their capital accompanied by Jahin's troop. At Cytos, Jahin is instructed by Kor Vas to aid Drake General Kerath Mah Toa in his battles against the undead menace. Jahin accepts and prepares for his next series of battles, while promising Khyrul to help woo Maliha. Jahin meets the veteran Drake Enforcer Kerath Mah Toa and joins his army as they march towards Verdanyn. They arrive and find the once-great-and-marvellous city to be a demolished area, serving as the rally point for the remnants of the undead attack force that had initially conquered it. A battle ensues, where the drake army proves useless against the spectral apparitions, and the undead are defeated (21). Kerath realises the value of controlling Verdanyn as a means of a supply and troops depot and sends a message to Kor Vas. A reply is received and General Karri Kon's army arrives with Jahin's people, with the intention of helping the humans rebuild their city and establish a temporary drake base. Jahin, feeling grateful, heartily accepts the title of Lord when offered by Karri Kon. With the help of the drakes, Verdanyn is rebuilt and then Generals Karri Kon and Kerath Mah Toa prepare their armies for the southern battles against the demon-worshipping elves. Jahin is tasked to help his friend Radoc against the vampires and henceforth, takes his army eastwards.\
\
Jahin and the rest arrive to witness the vanguards of both armies face off. The allies win thanks to Jahin's intervention and then the allied army proceeds southeastwards (22). Jahin and Radoc arrive at the southern dwarven fortress, the main location of where the vampires and dwarves were fighting. They find the fortress to be destroyed and wild vampires roaming the area. They investigate the vicinity and encounter a huge vampire army (23). The tides turn as the dwarves intervene led by Jahin's friend, the Gryphon Thunderlord. The allies then make a combined assault on the vampire capital city, situated on the Peninsula of Ichor (24).  Jahin and his army make their way into the citadel and confront their queen (25) and defeat her. The vampires, having their numbers and blood supply diminished, start boarding their ships and forming an exodus away from Arkenova (the vampires eventually arrive at the Silver Lands, where they clash with the Minotaurs, Eltireans, Silver Drakes, Eventide, Triththan Dwarves and Free Saurians).\
\
The allies leave the area, exclaiming that they do not want ownership of the location where the vampires had shamelessly created a blood lake, and return to their respective homes. Arriving back at Verdanyn, Jahin is surprised to see Kor Vas there. The dragon instructs him to aid Karri Kon and Kerath Mah Toa against the elves, whose armies should now be weakened due to diminished numbers. Reinforced by the Minotaur army led by Radoc, Jahin's army marches southwards to aid the dwarves at their northern fortress. They arrive at a deserted outpost. Jahin and Radoc approach the cave entrance and hear noises of battle deep inside the dwarven tunnels. Alarmed, they immediately take their armies inside the cavern. Arriving at the dwarven city, they are shocked to see the elves and demons besieging the city. They aid in the city's defence (26). The enemy is defeated, but King Glamatus and all his heirs are reported dead. Most of city is destroyed to an irreparable extent. However, Jahin asks the dwarves to gather their kin and fight along side his men to avenge their fallen comrades. The dwarves accept Jahin's offer (human and dwarven recruits, plus Minotaur and Drake recalls, now this is awesome).\
\
Jahin's army then joins the Drakes in their battles against the elves at the edge of the southern deserts. The armies of the Alliance push the elves back to Mount Eerie-Peak, where the enemy make their last stand (27). Jahin infiltrates the mountain with a small party of soldiers and starts exploring it in the hopes of finding a way to close the portal and cut the demons from a stream of indefinite reinforcements (28). While exploring the second level, they encounter the elven high chief and also manage to rescue Varawiel (she's a hero-unit and a Moon Shyde) / (Because I think Meherab needs a love-interest), an imprisoned elven priestess who rebelled against the demons and Jacques (the protagonist of A Rough Life), an aged human adventurer who arrived at Arkenova years ago and was captured shortly afterwards by the elves. They arrive at the deepest region of the mountain (the third) by fighting through every demon/elf soldier they encounter and discover that the portal is activated by a staff, which is guarded by a squad of elite demons and a demon lord named Verrine (29 & 30). Verrine and his squad are defeated and Jahin learns that to indefinitely close the portal, he needs to destroy this staff and another one which is located at Urvatha. Jahin takes his army through the portal and arrive at the entrance of a mystical castle. They enter the castle, defeat all the guards including a Demon Glyph Mistress (final boss), and destroy the staff (31). They then return to Irdya via the portal and then break the second staff, thwarting the demons' plan of invading Irdya.\
\
By the time, Jahin and the rest reach the surface, they find that the allies are victorious and have eliminated the elves. An army of humans approach from the West, claiming to be enemies of the elves. An initial misunderstanding lead to another battle (32) but, a parley is held and it is decided that the leaders of the Alliance and the Emperor of New Anaktoran would meet. Remaining elves are allowed to flee and remain as small tribes as they no longer pose a threat.\
\
At the congregation, the emperor declines to be part of the Alliance, but requests to remain as a neutrality. The First Arkenovan war ends and Jahin and Meherab are declared as war heroes for their bravery and other talents. Unbeknownst to the allied leaders, the New Anaktoranians plan to invade and conquer the allied lands. The allied leaders then return to their respective homes. A month later, Jahin is visited by Kor Vas, who informs him that Jahin must accompany him to a land far away in order to meet a certain individual (the Welkin King) who has been watching him all his life. Fuelled with curiosity, Jahin jumps on the dragon's back and flies away, leaving his city under the care of his friends. The campaign ends, and its sequel begins...\
\
}