{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkboard;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25300\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Into the Shadows - Plot Development\
\

\fs28 Following his escape, Mahir and the rest of his underlings reunite with one of Mor-Inal's subordinates. The subordinate asks if Mahir would like join their 'Dark' Crusade and conquer Irdya for the Dark Elementalist. Mahir agrees, without any sign of hesitance. The Dark Sorcerer then casts a teleportation spell that warps them into the heart of Mount Darkeath. Deep inside the mountain is the base of operations of the Dark Elementalist. Mahir is brought before the Lich General (Yes, he's both a commander of Mor-Inal's armies and a master necromancer). He senses a potential in Mahir and instructs the Dark Sorcerer to tutor Mahir in the arts of necromancy and elemental conjuration. For his first task, he sent to the library to pick up a book (1). While venturing through the vast subterranean complex, Mahir meets Faria again. Mahir asks her why Faria left Jahin and came here. She replies that she has been a follower of the Dark Elementalist ever since she was born and her loyalty was absolute. After returning the book, Mahir is taught the basics of the dark arts and later sent on a series of assignment (2, 3, 4, and 5) with his mentor. In each assignment, Mahir learns a new spell or ability to summon better and stronger undead. He also learns to raise elemental wisps.\
\
Upon his return, the Lich General states that the war against Irdya has reached a new level after the substantial growth of the Alliance of Irdya (Yeah, the alliance being led by the Welkin King, the Windsong, Kor Vas, Celestials, Tashfi and Jahin) and that they have to accelerate their plans. Mahir is drafted into the ranks of the Lich General's army and is sent to Argea (the Old Continent).\
\
Arriving at the ruins of the once glorious empire of Anaktoran, the army of undead and elementals are ambushed by orcs and Minotaurs (6). Mahir emancipates from the main force and makes a solo journey to the former capital city. However, he is forced to take a detour through a system of caves by the orcs and Minotaurs (7). While venturing the caves, he encounters the Steelhive, wrecks havoc at their Hive and ends up substantially damaging their queen, albeit being unable to kill it (8). Mahir eventually finds the way out and is able to reunite with the main army. They make a combined assault on the ruins which is being guarded by elemental summoning wizards (9). Mahir is able to infiltrate the Great Library and starts to explore it. He encounters more mages and confronts the ancient dragon Kratemaqht. The human mage and the dragon face off and Mahir eventually kills the dragon (10). As per his orders, Mahir examines the corpse of the dead dragon and obtains one of the Gem stones of Power (Initially there were only 4, but after the events of 
\b Library of Kratemaqht
\b0 , one more is added to the existing four).\
\
By this time, The Lich General arrives and sees that Mahir had single-handedly accomplished the mission. They all return to the lair and Mahir is granted an audience with the Dark Elementalist himself. Mahir meets Mor-Inal and the latter decides that the greatest reward that he can bestow upon Mahir would be to make him his apprentice (Okay, this master-and-apprentice thing reminds me too much about Sith Lords). Mahir accepts and he is eventually taught the lost art of conjuring more powerful constructs.}